# Artificial Intelligence in Building System Simulation

The Greenhouse Modelica Library aims at providing a fully open-source modeling framework for the simulation of greenhouse climate, crop yield and the energy integration of greenhouses with thermal systems (e.g. generation units, thermal storage units, district heating networks, etc.). Open Source Tiny House V2. Scaffold is an open standard for designing and optimizing plans for real-world homes. openplan3d is a free open source 2D/3D floor plan editor. OPEN100 is a project that aims to provide open-source blueprints for the construction of nuclear power plants. Build Arena is the first physics-aligned interactive benchmark for Language-Driven Engineering Construction. SceneSmith agentic generation of simulation-ready indoor scenes. BuildingGym is an open-source toolbox for AI-based building energy management. A Modelica library providing specialized structural and mechanism components for modeling deployable structures. The hydraulics library is a free Modelica library that can be used to model hydraulic components and circuits. BuildSysPro EDF's Modelica library for buildings, districts and energy systems modelling. Modelica Buildings library. A Modelica model library for building performance simulations. IDEAS is a Modelica library for Integrated District Energy Assessment Simulations. Toolchain that generates Modelica building models from BIM models. OpenStudio is a cross-platform collection of software tools to support whole building energy modeling using EnergyPlus and advanced daylight analysis using Radiance. EnergyPlus is a whole building energy simulation program that engineers, architects, and researchers use to model both energy consumption and water use in buildings. PhasicFlow is a parallel C++ code for performing DEM simulations. Fluidsim is an extensible framework for studying fluid dynamics with numerical simulations. Low-Temperature Solar Thermal Systems Modelica Library

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.

